#317 Graphql evaluator to accept external api (#321)
openmsupply/application-manager-server: documentation/Query-Syntax.md

- Input:
  - 1st child node returns a **string** representing the GraphQL query

>   - 2nd child node returns a **string** containing the url to GrapqhQL (using "graphQLEndpoint") will the app internal GraphQL server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 2nd child node returns a **string** containing the url of the GrapqhQL endpoint. Using the value "graphQLEndpoint" (or empty string `""`) will the use the graphQL endpoint specified in the input parameter "GraphQLConnection" object.
```
